------------------------------------------------------------------------
"The apparition of these faces in the crowd;
Petals on a wet, black bough."

In a Station of the Metro by Ezra Pound

Inspired by the following:
Yet, for a cabin, La Soplada is unexpectedly comfortable and devilishly
detailed. 'What I wanted to achieve here is the simplicity of elegance,'
says Mallmann. 'Do you know that incredible poem, "In a Station of the
Metro", by Ezra Pound? It was a very long poem and he worked for many
years to make it shorter and shorter and finally it became just two
sentences… that's elegance.'

source: https://www.cntraveller.com/article/francis-mallmann-patagonia
reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_a_Station_of_the_Metro

------------------------------------------------------------------------
"To summarize: We have seen that computer programming is an art, because
it applies accumulated knowledge to the world, because it requires skill
and ingenuity, and especially because it produces objects of beauty. A
programmer who subconsciously views himself as an artist will enjoy what
he does and will do it better. Therefore we can be glad that people who
lecture at computer conferences speak of the state of the Art."

-Donald Knuth's Computer Programming as an Art (1974) ACM Turing Award
Lecture

------------------------------------------------------------------------
"And I thought, I have to go back to my childhood because it was such a
beautiful feeling inside of me, my childhood. We were raised in the
mountains. We spent more than half of the day outside with dogs and used
to walk for days in the mountains, and we lived in a very remote and
wild place and very beautiful. I just sort of embraced all of that again
and created this lifestyle of fires, and I’m very in love with it."

-Francis Mallmann

https://robbreport.com/food-drink/dining/francis-mallmann-chefs-table-impact-eg17-2745880/

------------------------------------------------------------------------
"A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to
always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his
might that which he desires."

-Paulo Coelho

------------------------------------------------------------------------
"One’s Personal Legend is what you have always wanted to accomplish.
Everyone, when they are young, knows what their Personal Legend is. “At
that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is
possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they
would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a
mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for
them to realize their Personal Legend….whoever you are, or whatever it
is that you do, when you really want something, it’s because that desire
originated in the soul of the universe. It’s your mission on earth."

-The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho

------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Our focus here is on failing well, on being good at failure. What I
mean by this is taking the risk and then learning from it if it doesn't
work."

-Heather Hanbury

